
SKG provided code to enable dynamic markers, created per oopfor unit,starting large and becoming smaller as they approach a base marker

I really appreciate this - I was after a general steer in architecture, but instead he wrote the whole thing..

SKG wrote:

i misunderstood what you were asking when i first read it, i made it so it creates a group of opfor units on a random marker 
and has them run towards the base and after x amount of opfor units have been killed it spawns in more that also run towards the base. 

anyhow i have the marker system done, you went way to complex for it lol and you also want it to only run when the player has his map 
open so it doesnt mess with performance. so its like this for the markers. create a global boolean variable(mapOpen) that you can toggle 
on/off. then you create a function, inside that function you need a multi-dimensional array(_markers) that is global to the function to 
store the reference to the unit and the reference to the marker for that unit. then you use the forEach command, create an array inside 
the forEach command(_data) and then create a local marker for the unit on their position and set the color to that units side as well as 
the type/shape, then it will store the reference to the unit and the reference to the marker inside of _data, then it will store _data 
inside the _markers array. this way ever slot in the _markers array will hold the unit and the marker for that unit.

now we create a while loop inside of that function above that runs only when the map is open, if the map is closed then it ends the loop. 
have a forEach command inside the loop and do it for _markers, inside the forEach have it select the first element which is the unit and 
the second element which is the marker for that unit, then we want to use setMarkerPosLocal to move the marker to the position of the unit 
its assigned to, then to alter the size of the marker so the marker is bigger the further away from the base the unit is, we get the 
distance of the unit from the base marker and multiply it by (0.something) to make the marker size smaller(otherwise it will be MASSIVE), 
i used 0.08 as that seemed like a decent size. in order to make it so only the AI units had the marker size effect we do a simple if 
statement to check if the unit is a player, if the unit is not a player then it sets the marker size to the size we just stated in the 
last sentence.

script for the markers
https://paste.ofcode.org/7Tb9YE8LUDjiLtF89pZFN

script for making the ai spawn in waves and target the base
https://paste.ofcode.org/38TSV2yRPpqUv2TWXPqDB8G

heres an example video
https://youtu.be/XI9SotGfCl8﻿

